XDG User Story #1: Day-to-day Perl development

I want to locally install every Perl release, including the latest blead.
Sometimes I might want to have multiple copies of the same version with
different configuration options: with/without threads, 32/64 bit are the
typical variations I tend to use.

I like to install my releases read-only, so I can't possibly install
modules into them by accident.

When I install distributions, I want them to be installed into an isolated
INSTALL_BASE local library for any given Perl.  For example, if I'm on
v5.19.4, I want to have a v5.19.4 local library separate from the standard
vendor/site libraries.  I name my perls by version and call my library
"@std", so I usually think of 18.1@std or 19.4@std.

That lets me do the following:

- easily switch to X.Y@std for any given perl to test code on it with
  whatever I happen to have installed there

- easily switch to perl X.Y *without* a library to test with just core
  modules as shipped with perl

I'd also like to easily create a temporary library, e.g. 18.1@temp, to try
installing a module from CPAN against a vanilla perl to see how the
dependency chain resolves and then blow away @tmp afterwards when I'm done
testing.

It's important that the @std be specific to perl versions because
architecture-specific code winds up there and I can't have, say, 14.4 XS
getting loaded on 18.1 XS.

(It might theoretically be OK to share a library across minor versions, but
it's just cleaner to have libraries tied to specific perls as it avoids any
odd dynamic dependency resolution issues based on whatever version of Perl
happened to install a module.)

----
== Ingy's thoughts:

I like the idea of making local language installations be immutable. At least
as an option.

The word 'distributions' threw me off for a bit. We need to stick to a
standard Lola glossary in stories. See note/glossary.

We'll keep growing this glossary and we can change terms as necessary, as long
as we stay consistent.

I think pkgsets can be stored by name like this:
`$LOLA_ROOT/lang/perl5/pkgset/std`. Pkgsets can be joined to form a path:

    lola use 19.4@std:xml

